added info on feature flags convention (#4300)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/reference/feature-flags.mdx

## Feature flags

<Callout>

> Please note that feature flags are case-insensitive and do not utilize the Camel case convention in the newer versions of the CLI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** feature flags are case-insensitive, however are described here in camelCase for readability 
```
